docs(spring): add short description of scope property (#7172)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.7/apis-tools/spring-zeebe-sdk/configuration.md

https://github.com/camunda/camunda/blob/stable/8.7/clients/spring-boot-starter-camunda-sdk/src/main/resources/modes/self-managed.yaml
```

> For some specific setup (e.g EntraID), you might need to define additional properties like `camunda.client.zeebe.scope` in addition to the defaults provided by the mode.

Reviewer: ❌ 
```suggestion
For some specific OIDC setups (e.g [Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity)), you might need to define additional properties like `camunda.client.auth.scope` in addition to the defaults provided by the mode, see the [`camunda.client.auth`-Properties reference](./properties-reference.md) for a full overview.
```

Reviewer: ah I messed that one up 🤦
